﻿# **Release Notes**In order to ensure that release note generation is as simple and effective as possible here are instructions for bugs that need to be included. Note that release notes also apply to bugs that are not blocking:1. Add Tag: SCZ_Relnote any bugs that need to be included in release notes. Any active or resolved bug having that tag will be included to the query that is used to generate release notes.2. Custom String 02: indicate the area where the bug is, for example OOBE, Device Update etc.3. Custom String 03: write an clear description of the end user impact that release note team can use with minimal modifications in the release notes.__# **Known Issues**|Work Item|Area|Description of Issue|Workaround||---|---|---|---|| 28145402 | Telemetry | Thermal and other telemetry events are not available for latest Santa Cruz build under 202007* | Not at this time || 27511284 | Speech | Users cannot create voice assistant application using Azure portal and DevKit (Ear SOM). Error message showing resource deployment failed pops up. | Not at this time || 28062433 | Advanced Developer | Tensorflow object detection models trained and deployed to devkit via Advanced code path, the output of which is input to Intel inferencing app - there is an issue with filtering out boxes. | Not at this time || 28097482 | Speech | Speech module unable to complete authentication and as a result unable to reach operational state. User cannot create voice assistant application using Devkit (Ear SOM). | Not at this time || 28116260 | Speech | Speech app unable to reach operational state. | Not at this time |__# **Bug Fixes**|Work Item|Area|Description of Bug Fix||---|---|---||   |   |   ||   |   |   ||   |   |   |